All right.
So let's walk in the front end.
We want to create a comment component.
Right.
So we create a common component and we bring that in our single post view.
We put it right underneath here so that we use the skin, a live coin that sort of looks something like
this.
So we need a text filled text area where a user can enter the comments and we need a couple of functions
to send that to the backend.
We need a state to put this user input in the state, right?
So let's welcome that.
Let's put that in a component or components post.
Let's let's call it common scrutiny folder.
Comments and let's call it comment from.
Comment from Georges.
It's important to use context from our context.
So that's one step of two step context.
Of course, context.
Really helping me context us.
That's right.
We need our context because.
Oh, sorry.
This simply from.
Use context from react to incident instead of.
We should be important.
Ask the context and then we should import that from React.
Use context.
So the reason we need our context is to leave a comment.
The user must be logged in.
Right.
So think that we need this health context.
So we have the youth context of context we need some components from and that input and then Martin
from and and then we need a link.
Link.
Let's wait for this.
All right, now let's create a combine concert
coming from a concert and return.
So we want to return.
Let's use fragments.
So here we want to return the input.
Text area.
Actually we can with end design, not just input.
We can use the text area to input basically the one line input which we use in the log in from like
for a name email.
But as you can see, this one now for entering the content, bit more content, we want to have a text
area which will be something like this.
And so from that we we can do structure of text area from input content, text area.
From in between destructive that and then we can to use that here.
Let's not forget to ask for comment.
I asked you to build this comment from.
Let's use text in.
Text area.
So here in the strict area, obviously we need a state, right?
So we need that state.
We can have here or we can put in the parent component so we can create a state for comment.
And the later we're going to have a list of comments as well.
So we can put all of that in the the page where we need the comment, which is here, the single post.
So we'll work on that first.
Let's just give it a placeholder just so that we can see that we're on the right track.
So let's have a placeholder here and let's create a button as a button.
Let's call it post post.
And for bottom line, let's keep both primary and let's leave it like this for now.
Let's try to import it in our base and then see how this looks.
So coming.
Let's go to Baz's.
Post slug.
So this is where we want to show that comment from.
He said, that's a sidebar.
That's the editor.
We have this covered.
Let's have a look.
So we have the card.
Everything is within the car, including the comment right after this content, so we can do something
like that.
So that's the content in the editor and we can just.
So the comment from you also put that comment from let's make sure we import it.
So that's components comments coming from.
Beautiful.
So we got that.
We got that.
We want to make it bigger and better for gap year sleds.
How are we going to do that?
Let's good coming from we're going to use the roads just like in regular festival text area.
We can use roads I think we can use for.
That's a good size.
Beautiful margin.
But let's kick start
my thought for.
Nice.
Okay.
We can have a bit of free reign brewing.
Okay, that looks good.
So we got the foam.
Let's continue working on this one.
So we need a state so we can put that in our apparent component, which is pushed slope.